The stewardess was wide awake by that time. She thought perhaps the
bell, instead of coming from Mrs. Turner’s room, had come from the room
adjoining Turner’s, where Vail slept, and which had been originally
designed for Mrs. Turner. She suggested turning on the light again and
looking at the bell register; but Karen objected.

The stewardess sat up in her bed, which was the one under the small
window opening on the deck aft. She could not see through the door
directly, but a faint light came through the doorway as Karen opened
the door.

The girl stood there, looking out. Then suddenly she threw up her hands
and screamed, and the next moment there was a blow struck. She
staggered back a step or two, and fell into the room. The stewardess
saw a white figure in the doorway as the girl fell. Almost instantly
something whizzed by her, striking the end of a pillow and bruising her
arm. She must have fainted. When she recovered, faint daylight was
coming into the room, and the body of the Danish girl was lying as it
had fallen.

She tried to get up, and fainted again.

That was her story, and it did not tell us much that we needed to know.
She showed me her right arm, which was badly bruised and discolored at
the shoulder.

“What do you mean by a white figure?”

“It looked white: it seemed to shine.”

“When I went to call you, Mrs. Sloane, the door to your room was
closed.”

“I saw it closed!” she said positively. “I had forgotten that, but now
I remember. The axe fell beside me, and I tried to scream, but I could
not. I saw the door closed, very slowly and without a sound. Then I
fainted.”
